docs(theming): update guide (#2565)
uber/baseweb: documentation-site/pages/guides/theming.mdx

```js
// @flow

import type {ThemeT} from 'baseui';

const CustomThemeT = ThemeT & {customColor: string};
```

You will notice however, that you can't use `createTheme` with your `CustomThemeT`. If you want to use `createTheme`, we reccommend that you first create a normal theme with `createTheme` and then _extend_ it with your custom properties.

```js
import {createTheme} from 'baseui';
import type {ThemeT} from 'baseui';

const CustomThemeT = ThemeT & {customColor: string};

const theme = createTheme(/*primtives, overrides*/);
const customTheme: CustomThemeT = {
  ...theme,
  customColor: 'pink',
};

function App() {
  return <BaseProvider theme={customTheme}>{/* ... */}</BaseProvider>;
}
```

Note, you can use the custom type theme object with our provider so long as it _extends_ the default `ThemeT`. Base Web components will essentially ignore the additional properties, but the theme object will be available in component overrides.

> If you want to use that custom theme shape with our various styling utilties, you will want create new `styled`, `withStyle`, and `useStyletron` methods which use your custom theme type. Luckily, we make this pretty easy for you.

Reviewer: You may want to communicate that this step is only required when using flow. I'm not sure about typescript though, it may be `any`

export const themedWithStyle = createThemedWithStyle<CustomThemeT>();
export const themedUseStyletron = createThemedUseStyletron<CustomThemeT>();
```

You can import these custom themed utilities wherever you want access to your custom theme.

```js
import {themedUseStyletron as useStyletron} from 'path/to/my-style-utils.js';

function Foo() {
  const [css, theme] = useStyletron();
  return <div className={css({color: theme.customColor})}>Okay</div>;
}
```

## Using the Theme

The theme object acts as a centralized API for customizing global styling properties, but it also allows developers to use consistent values when extending components or styling new components. Base Web makes access to the theme object a priority across all of our styling utilies and component overrides so that you can always use the right value.

Let's look at how you can use the theme object while extending our components and when building out your own interfaces.

### Extension

There are two supported methods for styling Base Web components: `withStyle` and `overrides`. Both have access to the nearest ancestor theme object.

#### `withStyle`

> Whenever Base Web exports a Styletron styled component we prefix that component with `Styled`. You can use `withStyle` to extend a styled component with your custom styles:

Reviewer: may want to link to styletron docs for anyone unfamiliar

    color: $theme.colors.accent,
  };
});
```

Notice how the second parameter is a function that is passed an object with a `$theme` property. This property provides a reference to your theme object.

#### `overrides`

For in-depth information on `overrides`, check out the [official documentation](/guides/understanding-overrides). As it relates to theming, any `overrides` `style` function will be passed a reference to the nearest ancestor theme object to make consistent styling easy.

```js
function App() {
  return (
    <Button
      overrides={{
        Base: {
          style: ({$theme}) => {
            return {
              marginTop: $theme.sizing.scale500,
            };
          },
        },
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

### Creation

Theming and extending the built-in Base Web components will get you a long way, but sometimes you need to create something new. This is where out other styling utilities come into play.

#### `useStyletron`

```js
import {useStyletron} from 'baseui';

function App() {
  const [css, theme] = useStyletron();
  return (
    <div
      className={css({
        color: $theme.colors.accent,
      })}
    >
      Hello
    </div>
  );
}
```

> [`useStyletron`](/components/use-styletron) lets you generate classes to be passed directly to an element’s `classNames` prop. `useStyletron` is a wrapper around the built-in Styletron hook. Our wrapper makes sure you have access to your theme by including it as a second item in the hook’s returned array. This makes it easy to style arbitrary elements without having to create new components or replicate design tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`useStyletron`](/components/use-styletron) lets you generate class names to be passed directly to an element’s `classNames` prop. `useStyletron` is a wrapper around the built-in Styletron hook. Our wrapper makes sure you have access to your theme by including it as a second item in the hook’s returned array. This makes it easy to style arbitrary elements without having to create new components or replicate design tokens.
```
